---
layout: post
title: Interest sparked - Quadcopter
---

When we sat in the park outside our campus, enjoying the afternoon sun, we
heard a high-pitched *buzzing* noise. Intrigued, we looked for the source and
found a small Quadcopter zomming about the area. Some distane away, two guys
(we never asked for their names) were fiddeling with something. Suddenly, a
soft thud signaled that the drone had hit something, and was retrieved by one
of the guys.  We decided to pay them a visit.

<!--jump-->

They greeted us and explained that one propeller had broken on impact, but the
quadcopter was otherwise unharmed. He reached for a box, full of spares, and
tried to replace it, but he had lost his 10mm wrench. Luckily our student
association has a fine selection of tools, and quickly he had the propeller
replaced.

The other guy also had a drone, and was in the process of taking off. He donned
a pair of high-tech goggles and sat down with an intricate radio controller.
His drone sprang to life and swiftly took off. The first guy explained that the
googes showed a live video feed from the drone.

While the second guy pretended to be a drone, the first guy answered some of
our questions. Apparently the devices were assembled from scratch from imported
parts. The controller has two sticks able to move in two dimensions each,
giving them four axes of freedom. The left stick controlled the throttle and
yaw while the right stick influenced the pitch and roll in a very sensible way.
If the right stick is nudged forward and released, the drone doesen't
immediatley returb to horizontal mode, but keeps leaning forward and goes,
well, forward.

  
